How could I watch Fù Jiā Háo
Fall apart overnight?
That makes sense
I really can’t bear to see Fù Jiā Háo
Completely collapse
Exactly!
You don’t know yet?
Fù Jiā Háo’s stocks are being sold off
I’ve bought them all
Now, besides you
I’m the biggest shareholder
You dare trick me?
That’s right
I wanted you
Fù Jiā Háo
Three months ago, you
Kicked me out of the house
Threw me out of the Fù family
Tricked me into prison
Tried to cripple me
Did you ever think
This day would come?
This misunderstanding
It’s all a misunderstanding
It’s all because of Jiǎng Sī Sī
She provoked me
That woman
It’s Jiǎng Sī Sī
Ruò Yǔ
I really know I was wrong
I truly love you
Stop acting, Fù Jiā Háo
I know you too well
I understand
Your deceit and coldness
I know for profit
You’d stop at nothing
Think about it
Can I still trust you?